hey guys I'm wonderful calms Kirby
Kristen for Moviefone calm and denied
we're at the LA premiere of hot pursuit
and we're finding out who has more fun
blondes or brunettes Sylvia in general
in life who has more fun blondes or
brunettes I don't know I've been both
and I always say that it's a chose with
the people on your very definite on that
guy you trying to give me a trouble
say blondes because that's what you say
I don't know what you say when you're
talking to a brunette you're staring out
of her neck I call you red you don't
like the term ginger okay I've earned
the right to enjoy putting my whole life
for being ginger I've earned it all
right ginger ginger it is okay what are
you in hot pursuit of right now this
summer I'm ready for the summer to start
nothing I shouldn't be pursued nothing I
am I have to take it easy now and enjoy
everything but what am I in pursuit of
I'm a single man who's grown up single
grown up man another job another big I'm
a hot pursuit of my next job
yo you don't think it's your truck
you're such a cute so pathetic well was
one of your favorite memories from said
we shared a lot I mean now we both have
families and we both you know our
business women so it was nice to have
that time with another woman I don't
know you don't always get to work with
other women so it was kind of nice my
most fun memory from filming was when
Matthew tonne a girl who plays my
partner got punched in the nose during
his time by accident it's not getting
punched in the nose which you may or may
not have heard but I did hear about that
Sophia or Reese have anything to do with
this no I can't reveal who did it but I
got I got Wow